most people think the video is reversed
when I do stuff like this but as you can
see the video is definitely not reversed
the anterior deltoid plays a huge role
in that move but surprisingly the bicep
and the chest play an even bigger role
normal push-ups can help if you use an
inclined surface to sink even deeper
into that stretch or you can switch it
to a dip to sink just a little bit
deeper just like this but you'll see
lots of people online saying don't do
deep dips they're bad for your shoulders
but deep dips are actually super safe if
you're very very strong in this position
but if this feels uncomfortable start
maybe a little less deep first it all
starts with that basic dip you can use a
ledge like this and emphasize the
stretch at the bottom there's a lot of
things you should question but i' take
advice from the person who has the
results you want like I can give you
great calisthenic advice but a
calisthenic athlete would give you
better advice or drugs don't do drugs
stay flexy